README.md, before:

# hello-world
## Welcome
I'm currently completing online courses with the goal of becoming a Data Analyst.
## Professional History
[LinkedIN - Ben Day](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjaminhday/)
## Courses
Below are the courses I plan on taking including their completion status. As I discover more courses, I will add them to the table.
| Course  | Provider  | Offered By  | Status   |
| ---     | ---       | ---     | ---         |
| [Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python](https://www.coursera.org/learn/sql-data-science) | coursera | IBM | Not Enrolled |
| [Introduction to Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-data-science) | coursera | IBM | Not Enrolled |
| [Data Visualization with Tableau Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-visualization) | coursera | UCDAVIS University of California | Not Enrolled |
| [Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel](https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-data-analysis) | coursera | RICE | Not Enrolled |
| [Python for Everybody Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python) | coursera | University of Michigan | Not Enrolled |
| [AWS Fundamentals Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aws-fundamentals) | coursera | aws | Not Enrolled |
| [Getting Started with Azure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/cloud-azure-intro) | coursera | LearnQuest | Not Enrolled |
| [Data Analysis and Presentation Skills: the PwC Approach Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/pwc-analytics) | coursera | pwc | Not Enrolled |

Commit message:

Courses
Separated the courses into two tables

README.md, after:

# hello-world
## Welcome
I'm currently completing online courses with the goal of becoming a Data Analyst.
## Professional History
[LinkedIN - Ben Day](https://www.linkedin.com/in/benjaminhday/)
## Courses
Below are the courses I plan on taking including their completion status. As I discover more courses, I will add them to the table.
| Course  | Provider  | Offered By  | Status   |
| ---     | ---       | ---     | ---         |
| [IBM Data Analyst Professional Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-analyst) | coursera | IBM | Not Enrolled 
| [Learn SQL Basics for Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/learn-sql-basics-data-science) | coursera | UCDAVIS University of California | Not Enrolled |
| [Python for Everybody Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python) | coursera | University of Michigan | Not Enrolled |
| [Data Visualization with Tableau Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-visualization) | coursera | UCDAVIS University of California | Not Enrolled |
| [Data Analysis and Presentation Skills: the PwC Approach Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/pwc-analytics) | coursera | pwc | Not Enrolled |

Below are the optional courses.
| Course  | Provider  | Offered By  | Status   |
| ---     | ---       | ---     | ---         |
| [AWS Fundamentals Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aws-fundamentals) | coursera | aws | Not Enrolled |
| [Getting Started with Azure](https://www.coursera.org/learn/cloud-azure-intro) | coursera | LearnQuest | Not Enrolled |
| [Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python](https://www.coursera.org/learn/sql-data-science) | coursera | IBM | Not Enrolled |
| [Introduction to Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-data-science) | coursera | IBM | Not Enrolled |
| [Introduction to Data Analysis Using Excel](https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-data-analysis) | coursera | RICE | Not Enrolled |
